README.md, before:

# Seahawks.com


#### Seahawks.com recreated (for Epicodus), 8/17/18
#### By Eddie Harris


## Description

This website is a recreation of Seahawks.com built with Angular. A user can view the all the lasted news, videos and highlights.

## Specifications

- 1.) The home page will display links to the most recent articles and videos related to the Seahawks.

- 2.) From the home page, a user can click on an article link and be routed to a new page that contains the entire article.

- 3.) From the home page a user can click on a video link and be routed to a new page where the video can be viewed. (Link to you tube)

- 4.) From the footer, a user can click on any NFL team logo and be directed that teams official website.

- 4.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "NEWS" button and be routed to a page that lists all news articles. The user can then click on each individual article to view its contents.

- 5.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "VIDEO" button and be routed to a page that displays all videos. The user can then click on each individual video to watch it. (Link to you tube)

- 6.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "SCHEDULE" button and be routed to a page that displays Seahawks 2018 schedule.

- 7.) For any article or video, a user can post comments in the comments section. All comments will be stored in a database and can be viewed in the comments section immediately after posting.

## Setup/Installation

* Clone this repository
* Save to Desktop
* While in the root directory, enter into the terminal "npm install"
* After the installation is complete, enter into the terminal "ng serve", them navigate to http://localhost:4200/.

* Firebase

  - In order to read and post comments in the comments section (of each article/video), you must have access to a Firebase database.

  IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO USE THE EXISTING DATABASE, FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW. If you would like to use your own database, feel free to set it up on your own.

  - In the app directory (JavaScript-Seahawks.com/src/app) create a file called "api-keys.ts". Copy into the file the following code:

  export const masterFirebaseConfig = {
      apiKey: "...",
      authDomain: "...",
      databaseURL: "...",
      storageBucket: "...",
      messagingSenderId: "..."
    };

   - EMAIL EDDIE HARRIS at harrisejm@gmail.com for API-key and further instructions.


   ## Technologies Used

   JavaScript
   Angular
   HTML
   CSS
   
-------------------------------------------------------
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

update readme. Add webpacks to deploy site live via firebase

README.md, after:

# Seahawks.com


#### Seahawks.com recreated (for Epicodus), 8/17/18
#### By Eddie Harris


## Description

This website is a recreation of Seahawks.com built with Angular. A user can view the all the lasted news, videos and highlights.

## Specifications

- 1.) The home page will display links to the most recent articles and videos related to the Seahawks.

- 2.) From the home page, a user can click on an article link and be routed to a new page that contains the entire article.

- 3.) From the home page a user can click on a video link and be routed to a new page where the video can be viewed. (Link to you tube)

- 4.) From the footer, a user can click on any NFL team logo and be directed that teams official website.

- 4.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "NEWS" button and be routed to a page that lists all news articles. The user can then click on each individual article to view its contents.

- 5.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "VIDEO" button and be routed to a page that displays all videos. The user can then click on each individual video to watch it. (Link to you tube)

- 6.) From the navigation bar, a user can click on the "SCHEDULE" button and be routed to a page that displays Seahawks 2018 schedule.

- 7.) For any article or video, a user can post comments in the comments section. All comments will be stored in a database and can be viewed in the comments section immediately after posting.



## Setup

* Site is deployed live: https://comments-68196.firebaseapp.com/

To run locally, follow the instructions below:

* Clone this repository
* Save to Desktop
* While in the root directory, enter into the terminal "npm install"
* After the installation is complete, enter into the terminal "ng serve", them navigate to http://localhost:4200/.

* Firebase

  - In order to read and post comments in the comments section (of each article/video), you must have access to a Firebase database.

  IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO USE THE EXISTING DATABASE, FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW. If you would like to use your own database, feel free to set it up on your own.

  - In the app directory (JavaScript-Seahawks.com/src/app) create a file called "api-keys.ts". Copy into the file the following code:

  export const masterFirebaseConfig = {
      apiKey: "...",
      authDomain: "...",
      databaseURL: "...",
      storageBucket: "...",
      messagingSenderId: "..."
    };

   - EMAIL EDDIE HARRIS at harrisejm@gmail.com for API-key and further instructions.


   ## Technologies Used

   JavaScript
   Angular
   HTML
   CSS

-------------------------------------------------------
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
